data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles5.png
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles6.png
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/Stir-fried yellow noodles9.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice5.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice6.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/crispy chicken rice9.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry5.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry6.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/curry9.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai5.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai6.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/kao mok kai9.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles5.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles6.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/noodles9.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai5.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai6.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/padthai9.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge5.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge6.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/porridge9.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum5.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum6.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/somtum9.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice5.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice6.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/spicy chicken rice9.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef1.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef10.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef2.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef3.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef4.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef5.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef6.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef7.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef8.jpg
data/obj_train_data/Food_train/stir-fried basil with beef9.jpg
